GRU

Small 

source:		the air conditioning is working 
translated:	eray andedway ontionssay iway ontingsway

source:		the quick brown fox 
translated:	eray ingdersay-ingway ondway ondgedsway

source:		deep learning is fun and mysterious 
translated:	eessay earingseday iway unedway andway ursestrationgray

source:		shining like the sun 
translated:	ingsay-ableway iestray eray uneday

source:		breaking bad is a good one 
translated:	eationsay andway iway ayway oodgay oneway


Big

source:		the air conditioning is working 
translated:	ethay airway ondintiondfray isway orkingway

source:		the quick brown fox 
translated:	ethay ucikicay onbray oxfay

source:		deep learning is fun and mysterious 
translated:	eepway eanringlay isway unfay andway isteromentway

source:		shining like the sun 
translated:	iningshay ikelay ethay unsay

source:		breaking bad is a good one 
translated:	eakingbray adbay isway away oodgay oneway

Additive

Small 

source:		the air conditioning is working 
translated:	ethay airway onditionindgay isway orfingray

source:		the quick brown fox 
translated:	ethay ickway owndway omfay

source:		deep learning is fun and mysterious 
translated:	eepray earninggay isway ungsay andway edsteriousway

source:		shining like the sun 
translated:	iningsray ikeway ethay unsay

source:		breaking bad is a good one 
translated:	eakingray adway isway away oodgay oneway

Additive

Big 
sh


Transformer

Small 32

source:		the air conditioning is working 
translated:	etay ay onditny isay orkivy

source:		the quick brown fox 
translated:	etay icy ownry xay

source:		deep learning is fun and mysterious 
translated:	epdy erny isay uay ay y

source:		shining like the sun 
translated:	ingsy ikly etay usy

source:		breaking bad is a good one 
translated:	ekny ay isay ay odgy onwy

Big 32

source:		the air conditioning is working 
translated:	ety ary onditininay isy orkinwy

source:		the quick brown fox 
translated:	ety ickay ownry oxay

source:		deep learning is fun and mysterious 
translated:	epday earnigly isy uny andy ystroy

source:		shining like the sun 
translated:	inishy ikly ety uny

source:		breaking bad is a good one 
translated:	eainby aday isy ay odday ony

Small 64 

source:		the air conditioning is working 
translated:	ethy aray onditiny isay oray

source:		the quick brown fox 
translated:	ethy icay ownry oxy

source:		deep learning is fun and mysterious 
translated:	epay earinlay isay unay andy ysteriosmy

source:		shining like the sun 
translated:	ininsy iklay ethy unay

source:		breaking bad is a good one 
translated:	eakingry adbay isay ay oday ony

Big 64 
source:		the air conditioning is working 
translated:	ethy ayr onditiny isay orkiy

source:		the quick brown fox 
translated:	ethy iqay ownbay oxfy

source:		deep learning is fun and mysterious 
translated:	epay earninyy isay unfay anday ysteriosy

source:		shining like the sun 
translated:	ininshay ikelay ethy unsay

source:		breaking bad is a good one 
translated:	ey aday isay aay oday oney



Non-causal Small 32

source:		the air conditioning is working 
translated:	eeeott oooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooooo

source:		the quick brown fox 
translated:	eeeott oouuouoooooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooooo

source:		deep learning is fun and mysterious 
translated:	eeee eeeeggggggggggggay oooooooooooooooooooo uououououooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooooo

source:		shining like the sun 
translated:	oooooooooooooooooooo ooeooooooooooooooooo eeeott uououououooooooooooo

source:		breaking bad is a good one 
translated:	eeeeoooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooooo

Non-causal big 32


source:		the air conditioning is working 
translated:	eeeeehheeeeeeeeeee ittttttitttiii hhhhh itttiitissstiissssii ttttthtttttttttttttt

source:		the quick brown fox 
translated:	eeeeehheeeeeeeeeee utttttttttttttttttto ottttttttttttttttttt ottttttttttttttttttt

source:		deep learning is fun and mysterious 
translated:	eeeeeeeeeeeeeeee eeeeeheeeeeeeeeeee itttiitissstiissssii utttttttututtuuuuttu eeeeeeeeey eeeeeheeey

source:		shining like the sun 
translated:	itttttttttssti eeeeeehee eeeeehheeeeeeeeeee utttttuuuuuuuuuuuuuu

source:		breaking bad is a good one 
translated:	ettttheeeeeeeeee  itttiitissstiissssii attttttatttttattttta ooooooooo eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeey
